hello youtube friends like
They are waiting for your friend to talk to you
from master boy dgt to the trails well
first of all I want to clarify about him
because I have not been uploading it for so long
video and good it will be better to be
count a few weeks ago they came to me
pc to maintenance already know cleaning
useless files update
hardwares etc and good after a
maintenance week they returned me the
pc along with bad news my
computer has nothing left but a
year of useful life so that in a year or
a little more will go out and it will not go back to
turn on they also told me that up
then be extremely careful with her
nothing about demanding it and good
videos of gta san andreas need
a lot of free space to make them
space for the game the videos the
editor voices programs mods
etcetera in order to what I want to get
is that over a long period of time
my videos will go down considerably in
quality, the most likely thing is that neither
videos of gta san andreas
and believe me when I tell them to try
make this work will happen all the
heavy files to a pendrive the inym
in many ways I remove almost everything and I
lower the quality to the minimum but nothing the
gta mixes every five minutes what
reinstall like 10 times and nothing
basic elements to do the
recording are the gta the camón yo yo mi
employment but I can not make the gta
work with those programs is more than
miracle I got to install the mod
green screen and skin selector for
make this scene good I hope that
can understand the same when my pc
pass to my parents' best life
buy a new one there I think
restart with gta videos but
until then I will have them
fix has told you about master boy
Follow the trails he tells you
soon